hey guys come here from 9:00 to 5:00
Google and a soos is making a big push
to disrupt the Android smartphone and
tablet markets with its latest lineup of
devices everyone's talking about the
zenfone 2 and plenty more we'll be
talking about this end pad 8 pretty soon
although they might be referring to the
high-end model I was sent the low-end
said 380 C model along with a bunch of
cases now the tablet costs about 240
dollars in the US and just 120 pounds in
the UK but we're gonna take it out of
its packaging put the tablet to one side
and alongside the tablet in the box you
get a quick start guide and warranty
info there's also a power adapter and
USB cable as normal but I also wanted to
unbox the power case now essentially
this is a rear shelf that attaches to
the back of the Zen pad and gives you an
extra three an hour thousand milliamp
hour battery capacity essentially
offering you 16 hours of extra battery
life it comes in packaging alongside a
user guide and a small proprietary
charging unit and we put the case out
there's a contact point for the charger
and tablet inside on the underside of
the case near the camera cut out if you
want to charge this battery pack you
plug the microUSB cable into that
connector swap the cable into the
bespoke groove and then the connector
actually clips on to the case
magnetically the led changes from orange
to green when it's fully charged now
this power case does add a little bit of
bulk to the tablet but it's pretty
stylish with its smokey chrome trim and
textured back now the regular cases are
much slimmer but have a similar finish
to there power case attaching any of
them is really simple you pull off the
shelf from the cutout tab and if you
look underneath on the body of the
tablet you'll see the contact point for
the battery case and a micro SD card
slot now to put the cases on all you
have to do is clip it on one side and
then press around all the edges to make
sure it's properly attached and
personally I love the bright orange
shell but if you've seen any of my
gadgets you'll know I have a bit of a
thing for orange right now now the
tablet itself is pretty attractive and
sim
Paul it's a sixteen by nine screen ratio
format but being only eight inches it's
easy to hold in one hand the power and
volume button sit on one side on the
right edge along the top around the
edges is an attractive chrome trim which
adds an element of style it's only eight
point five millimeters thin overall so
it's plenty portable enough the back is
curved towards the edges and the edges
themselves are gently rounded to make it
comfortable to hold the only external
ports are the three-and-a-half
millimeter jack and the micro USB on the
top I'm inside it features a 64-bit
intel axon processor with one gigabyte
of RAM and five megapixel camera on the
back on the front is an 8-inch 1280 by
800 display it's also a two megapixel
front facing camera and a single mono
loudspeaker boosted by DTS HD premium
sound technology how sixteen gigabytes
of internal storage and is expandable up
to 64 gigabytes via microSD it also runs
Android 5.0 lollipop with aces own Zen
UI software skin on top our first
impressions it seems decent enough it's
not exactly the fastest tablet I've ever
used in the screen isn't the sharpest
but I'll give you my full thoughts in a
full-on review later on I'm at Cam
Bunton on Twitter you can follow me
there ask me any questions don't forget
to like our videos and subscribe if you
do I'll see you again soon